Add readme.md for organization (#6)
statisticsnorway/.github: profile/README.md

# Welcome to Statistics Norway 👋

> Statistic Norway is committed to open source and aims to share as much of our work as possible. We are primarily funded by Norwegian taxpayers, so it makes sense for us to share as much of it as we can. 

Reviewer: > share as much of it as we can.

share as much as possible

> Statistic Norway is committed to open source and aims to share as much of our work as possible. We are primarily funded by Norwegian taxpayers, so it makes sense for us to share as much of it as we can. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Statistics Norway is committed to open source and we aspire to share as much of our work as possible. We are primarily funded by Norwegian taxpayers and wish to be transparent and contribute to innovation.
```

Author: Mye bedre! Takk for innspill!
